Welcome to the solution for machine learning.
Question number two.
So this question just wanted to describe the formula for logistic regression and how the algorithm is
used for binary classification.
So the formula for logistic regression typically shouldn't have to memorize a lot of formulas for an
interview setting but this one is definitely common enough that you should just note off the top your
head and the formula for religious progression.
The logistic function is going to be one over one plus it's a negative t or it could be to negative
Z negative x whatever that variable happens to be.
Now as far as actually performing logistic regression what we do is we take the linear regression which
is the T is equal to some beta term plus beta times x plus another beta term times X..
So then cetera.
So you take that and then you plug that into the logistic function.
So the very first top function that's the logistic function then to actually perform the logistic regression.
We take our typical linear regression formula and plug that in to the logistic regression.
So what actually happens when we do that.
Well we can then use the result of f of x there as the probability of the data points being in the positive
a class.
So here we can actually compare.
Right on top of each other what the linear model is doing versus what the logistic model is doing.
So don't hear the Linear Model S that straight blue line where y is equal to some Bayda term plus some
beta turn times X and that can continue all the way for however many variables you have.
You take that and you plug it into the logistic function giving you the logistic model and know the
sigmoid shape of that logistic model.
Here we can see that no matter what you plug in to the logistic function the values are always going
to be between 0 and 1.
So that allows us to actually calculate a probability of either be in class 0 or class 1 because we'll
set the cutoff right in the middle there and that middle point is going to be 0.5.
So we decide that whatever we plug into the logistic model if it's output value is less than 0.5 we'll
go ahead and classify that as zero.
And if its value is greater than or equal to 0.5 we classify that as Class 1.
So that's the main idea behind the logistic model basically using the logistic function Passey in the
linear regression model into it.
And now everything you get as an output has to be between 0 and 1.
Mathematically you can check out the guidebook for a lot of more great resources and understanding the
logistic regression in general.
Thanks and I'll see at the next lecture.